Update instrumentation for IronBank (trace per endpoint) (#16)
zendesk/iron_bank: README.md

Use the `client_id` and `client_secret` from your Zuora OAuth client and add
them to the generated `config/initializers/iron_bank.rb` file.

## Configuration

```rb
# Configure Ironbank
IronBank.configure do |config|
  config.client_id         = 'client_id'
  config.client_secret     = 'client_secret'
  config.auth_type         = 'auth_type'
  config.domain            = 'zuora-domain'   # zuora doamin
  config.export_directory  = 'directory-path' # export directory path
  config.schema_directory  = 'directory-path' # schema drirectory path

>   # Ironbank uses Faraday to send request to Zuora. In order too use custom

Reviewer: WDYTA?
```suggestion
  # Ironbank uses Faraday to send request to Zuora. Middlewares can be specified
  # by adding the class name and class options to the `middlewares` 
  # configuration.
```
